[16.0][ADD] account_analytic_tag (#572)
OCA/account-analytic: account_analytic_tag/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds *account analytic tags* on accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module restores the *account analytic tags* as a method for categorizing analytic entries, selectable from the invoices, and transferred to them on publishing.
```
